Mention string length limitations (#44)
peter-evans/repository-dispatch: README.md

client-payload: '{"github": ${{ toJson(github) }}}'
```

> Additionally there is a limitation regarding the maximum length of strings, you are allowed to pass within `client-payload`.
> This might get into your way when you e.g. try to pass a Pull Request body.
> In this cases you might consider truncating the overlong strings, because otherwise your action will be interrupted with a `client_payload is too large` error.
> 

Reviewer: Thanks for contributing this!

It's not quite accurate that this error occurs on oversized property strings. The error occurs when the _total payload size_ hits a limit (although it was a bit difficult to figure out what the limit is, so I don't know the exact value). There might also be a string length limit on individual property values, but I've not seen it so far.

```suggestion
Additionally, there is a limitation on the total data size of the `client-payload`. A very large payload may result in a `client_payload is too large` error.
```
